AST-694 - Removing widget design options in WP-5.8 setup (#3049)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.7.1 (Unreleased)

> - Improvement: Builder - Removed design specific options from widgets in WordPress 5.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated: Header footer widgets - Deprecated design specific sticky header options for better compatibility with WordPress 5.8.
```

Author: Done 👍
